README.md, before:

# chicken-server

> - [Intro](#intro)
> - [API Requests](#api-requests)

## Intro
After installing all dependencies, you can use the database initialization tool to create the schema and fill it with frame data.
```
node server/database/init.js
```

**NOTE: This server uses the following environment variables to connect to your MySQL database:**
```
DB_USER
DB_PASS
DB_NAME(Optional, defaults to "tekkenchicken")
DB_HOST(Optional, defaults to "localhost")
DB_PORT(Optional, defaults to "3306")
```

## API Requests

### Metadata Request
```
http://tc.tekkengamer.com/api/metadata/
```
A Metadata Request returns an object containing all information about all the character data in the database. It contains key data for accessing other info like character ids and labels.

**Sample Response**
```
GET http://tc.tekkengamer.com/api/metadata/
```
```json
{
  "alisa" : {
    "id" : 1,
    "name" : "Alisa Bosconovich",
    "label" : "alisa",
    "game":  "t7",
    "last_updated" : 1492900842
  }
}
```

### Framedata Request
```
http://tc.tekkengamer.com/api/framedata/
```
This is your primary giant blob request. It returns an object full of all characters' framedata indexed by the characters' labels.

**Sample Response**
```
GET http://tc.tekkengamer.com/api/framedata/
```
```json
{
  "alisa": {
    "name":"Alisa Bosconovich",
    "label":"alisa",
    "data":[
      {
        "notation" : "1",
        "hitLevel" : "h",
        "damage" : "9",
        "speed" : "10",
        "on_block" : "+1",
        "on_hit" : "+8",
        "on_ch" : "+8",
        "notes" : "null"
      }
    ]
  }
}  
```
### Single Framedata Request
```
http://tc.tekkengamer.com/api/framedata/{id|label}
```
You can request frame data for individual characters using their id or label

**Sample Response**
```
GET http://tc.tekkengamer.com/api/framedata/bryan
```
```json
{
  "name" : "Bryan Fury",
  "label" : "bryan",
  "data":[
    {
      "notation" : "1",
      "hitLevel" : "h",
      "damage" : "9",
      "speed" : "10",
      "on_block" : "+1",
      "on_hit" : "+8",
      "on_ch" : "+8",
      "notes" : "null"
    }
  ]
}
```

Commit message:

Added instructions for updating frame data

README.md, after:

# chicken-server

> - [Intro](#intro)
> - [API Requests](#api-requests)

## Intro
After installing all dependencies, you can use the database initialization tool to create the schema and fill it with frame data.
```
node server/database/init.js
```

**NOTE: This server uses the following environment variables to connect to your MySQL database:**
```
DB_USER
DB_PASS
DB_NAME(Optional, defaults to "tekkenchicken")
DB_HOST(Optional, defaults to "localhost")
DB_PORT(Optional, defaults to "3306")
```

## Updating Frame Data
When frame data updates in the `harounb` repo, we need to pull down the latest version and restart the server. The frame data files are stored as json in a submodule and then injected into mysql via an update script.

````
git submodule update --recursive --remote
npm update
````

## API Requests

### Metadata Request
```
http://tc.tekkengamer.com/api/metadata/
```
A Metadata Request returns an object containing all information about all the character data in the database. It contains key data for accessing other info like character ids and labels.

**Sample Response**
```
GET http://tc.tekkengamer.com/api/metadata/
```
```json
{
  "alisa" : {
    "id" : 1,
    "name" : "Alisa Bosconovich",
    "label" : "alisa",
    "game":  "t7",
    "last_updated" : 1492900842
  }
}
```

### Framedata Request
```
http://tc.tekkengamer.com/api/framedata/
```
This is your primary giant blob request. It returns an object full of all characters' framedata indexed by the characters' labels.

**Sample Response**
```
GET http://tc.tekkengamer.com/api/framedata/
```
```json
{
  "alisa": {
    "name":"Alisa Bosconovich",
    "label":"alisa",
    "data":[
      {
        "notation" : "1",
        "hitLevel" : "h",
        "damage" : "9",
        "speed" : "10",
        "on_block" : "+1",
        "on_hit" : "+8",
        "on_ch" : "+8",
        "notes" : "null"
      }
    ]
  }
}  
```
### Single Framedata Request
```
http://tc.tekkengamer.com/api/framedata/{id|label}
```
You can request frame data for individual characters using their id or label

**Sample Response**
```
GET http://tc.tekkengamer.com/api/framedata/bryan
```
```json
{
  "name" : "Bryan Fury",
  "label" : "bryan",
  "data":[
    {
      "notation" : "1",
      "hitLevel" : "h",
      "damage" : "9",
      "speed" : "10",
      "on_block" : "+1",
      "on_hit" : "+8",
      "on_ch" : "+8",
      "notes" : "null"
    }
  ]
}
```
